libcwd-0.99.4

	We depend more on libtool now to handle linking with shared or
	static libraries.  As a result you can (again) on linux, link
	with just -lcwd (without having to specify also -lbfd -liberty).

	Bug fixes:

	Libcwd got into an endless loop when a fatal error occured
	before the fatal debug channels where initialized.  This
	happened for instance when a hard limit for the core size
	is set.

	When a hard limit for the core size is set, the call to
	setrlimit failed and libcwd terminated with a fatal
	error (and got into a loop, see above).  Now it sets the
	core size to the maximum value and prints a warning when
	that isn't unlimited.

libcwd-0.99.3

	A different bug work around for the compiler bug that surfaces
	in iomanip.h has been used.  It turned out that not only
	gcc-2.95.2 but even snap shot 2.96-20000724 has problems with
	the (ISO C++ correct) construct that was used.  The new
	work around works better and is not any longer dependend on the
	value of CXXFLAGS.

	Support for solaris has been added.  Tests were done on a 
	sparc-sun-solaris2.7.

	Configuration and installation has been improved on FreeBSD,
	it should now compile 'out of the box' with the usual
	"./configure; make; make install".
	
	It is not necessary to use GNU make any longer when using the
	tar ball distribution (GNU make is still needed if you use
	cvs or --enable-maintainer-mode).

libcwd-0.99.2

	Configuration is now automated, using autoconf.  This removes
	the need to install the prototype package.

	The Internal Compiler Error in debugmalloc.cc has been isolated
	and a workaround has been added.  Whether or not the workaround
	is needed is detected by ./configure (but be warned: it depends
	on the CXXFLAGS you use, this bug only occurs when using -ggdb).

	A new function `Debug( check_configuration() )' was added.  Use
	it to assure that the configuration of the linked library matches
	the configuration of the header files used.

	demangle.cc was completely rewritten.  It now exports two functions:
	`demangle_type' and `demangle_symbol', the latter is a replacement
	for the `cplus_demangle' from libiberty.  This allows to link with
	the shared version of libiberty (needed by libbfd) which was needed
	on FreeBSD.  This also gets rid of any direct dependence of libcwd
	on libiberty, which wasn't good because libiberty is not compiled
	with -fPIC.

libcwd-0.99.1

	Support for FreeBSD (4.0)
	Improved bfd.cc a little (lookup of symbols and source:line info)
	Minor bug fixes

libcwd-0.99.0

	First public release
